Sports Manager
Developer Guide Objective:
Update the developer guide (target user profile, user stories, use cases, and non-functional requirements) based on the feedback from your tutors.

Target User Profile
Is a trainer or a coach
The product should be targeting users who can type fast and prefer typing over other means of input.
Has a need to manage his classes and students
Prefers GUI driven apps


Appendix A: User Stories



Appendix B: Use Cases

System: Sports Manager
Actor: Coach/Trainer
 
B.1. Use Case: Main Menu
MSS
Sports Manager will display schedule for the week
Sports manager will display countdown for upcoming events
The Sports Manager will display multiple sub-menus
Extensions
B.2. Use Case: Add Classes
MSS
Sports Manager shows Main Menu
Coach selects “Training schedule”
Sports Manager will display the sub-menus
Coach will select “add classes”
Coach will input the details of the class (Time, duration, venue, general training plan)
Extensions
	

B.3. Use Case: Add Student to a class
MSS
Sports Manager shows main menu
Coach selects “Training Schedule”
Sports manager will display sub-menus
Coach will select “View Classes”
Sports Manager will display all the classes available
Coach will select the particular class
Coach will add students in the class with his/her details
Extensions

B.4. Use Case: View student details
MSS
Sports Manager shows Main Menu
Coach selects “Managing students”.
Coach selects “Student Details” under the sub-menu.
The Sports Manager will display a list of students’ names separated by their group.
Coach can input a name and the student details will be pulled up.
Coach can input parts of a name, and any students that matches that name will be displayed along with their class, and can be chosen.
Extensions

B.5. Use Case: Create training plans
MSS
Sports Manager shows Main Menu.
Coach selects “Training Schedule”.
Coach selects “Create Training Plan” under the sub-menu.
Coach input details for the training plans: activity(push-ups, sit-ups, running etc), time frame, intensity, general flow of training plan.
Extensions

B.6. Use Case: View schedule
MSS
Sports Manager shows Main Menu.
Coach selects “Training Schedule”
Sports Manager shows a time table for the week, with various time slots shown.
Coach can change the weekly timetable shown to show next week’s schedule, or future schedule.
Extensions
B.7. Use Case: View Student Progress


Non-Functional Requirements (NFC)

Reliability
The app must be able to track real-time dates
The system can handle errors without crashing
Supportability:
Well documented so that anyone can take over the code

Usability
The student must be able to navigate through each section easily
Student 
Performance
System must respond within 2 seconds
